Seasonal Spotlights: Spring 2019 (#2332)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019.md

---
layout: post
title: "Beatmap Spotlights: Spring 2019"
date: 2019-07-07 06:00:00 +0000
---

> The sun shines brightly and it is hot outside and you shouldn't be outside during dangerous times! We have prepared a nice package of awesome mapsets from last season for you to spend time with. Come take a look and earn a fancy new medal for yourself by playing them all!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sun is shining brightly and it's hot outside, so you shouldn't be outside during dangerous times! We have prepared a nice package of awesome mapsets from last season for you to spend time with. Come take a look and earn a fancy new medal for yourself by playing them all!
```

> The sun shines brightly and it is hot outside and you shouldn't be outside during dangerous times! We have prepared a nice package of awesome mapsets from last season for you to spend time with. Come take a look and earn a fancy new medal for yourself by playing them all!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sun is shining brightly and it's hot outside, so you shouldn't be outside during these dangerous times! We have prepared a nice package of awesome mapsets from last season for you to spend time with. Come take a look and earn a fancy new medal for yourself by playing them all!
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The sun is shining brightly and it's hot outside, so you shouldn't be outside during these dangerous times! We have prepared a nice package of awesome mapsets from last season for you to spend some time with instead. Come take a look and earn a fancy new medal for yourself by playing them all!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/header.jpg)

> The beatmap charts for the Spring Spotlights can be found [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/taiko/charts?spotlight=263). Their respective packs are available at the [Beatmap Pack Listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=chart) for easier access. **The Spring 2018 Spotlights rankings will end on the 15th of September, 2018.**

Author: ```suggestion
The beatmap charts for the Spring Spotlights can be found [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/taiko/charts?spotlight=263). Their respective packs are available at the [Beatmap Pack Listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=chart) for easier access. **The Spring 2018 Spotlights rankings will end on the 15th of September, 2019.**
```

## Winter Spotlights results

First of all, congratulations to the winners of the Seasonal Spotlights: Winter 2019. They will receive 3, 2, and 1 month of supporter for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place respectively for their efforts!

- **osu!:** [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689), [Apraxia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4194445) and [xxluizxx47](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4687701)
- **osu!taiko:** [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352), [AlvaroYL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6333166) and [tasuke912](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2774767)
- **osu!catch:** [rostld](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4365562), [RAMPAGE88](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/448547) and [-Nirfu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7332050)
- **osu!mania:** [\[Crz\]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178), [Stink God](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7381289) and [Cryolien](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1626983)

# Navigation

- <a href="#osu">osu!</a>
- <a href="#taiko">osu!taiko</a>
- <a href="#catch">osu!catch</a>
- <a href="#mania">osu!mania</a>

# Spring 2019 Spotlights

## <a name="osu" id="osu"></a>osu!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/kagefumi.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/910454)

> A mapper of repute in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332) brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". From unique stream patterns to minimalistic slider velocities to characterized slider shapes and much more, the mapper underlines the core portions of the chill, tranquil math rock song with clarity, and accentuates their features fantastically with distinctive design choices that keep with the song's simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A mapper of repute in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332) brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". From unique stream patterns to minimalistic slider velocities to characterized slider shapes and much more, squirrelpascals underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A mapper of repute in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332) brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". From unique stream patterns to minimalistic slider velocities to characterized slider shapes and much more. Squirrelpascals underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.
```

> A mapper of repute in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332) brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". From unique stream patterns to minimalistic slider velocities to characterized slider shapes and much more, the mapper underlines the core portions of the chill, tranquil math rock song with clarity, and accentuates their features fantastically with distinctive design choices that keep with the song's simplicity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A mapper who is reputable in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332) brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". This mapping contains unique stream patterns, minimalistic slider velocities, characterized slider shapes, and much more. Squirrelpascals underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil, math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.
```

> Those unprepared for the challenge may find a very engaging experience as well in the insane difficulty, although skilled players would not wish to sleep on this one too. With more emphasis on greater slider movements, the difficulties compliment one another with their slight varied approaches to the song, while both capturing its integrity faithfully. A truly refreshing mapset overall that sits distinguished among the many maps in the ranked section!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Those unprepared for the challenge may find a very engaging experience in the insane difficulty, and for the more skilled players the top difficulty is not something you would want to sleep on either. With more emphasis on greater slider movements, the difficulties compliment one another with their slight varied approaches to the song, while both capturing its integrity faithfully. A truly refreshing mapset overall that stands out among the many maps in the ranked section!
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Those unprepared for the challenge may find a very engaging experience in the insane difficulty. For the more skilled players, the top difficulty is not something you would want to sleep on either. With more emphasis on greater slider movements, the difficulties compliment each other with their slight varied approaches to the song; while both capturing it's integrity faithfully. This is a truly refreshing mapset overall that stands out among the many maps in the ranked section!
```

_written by [faygo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5199686)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/uh.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/948199)

> [sammish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4415076) manages to make 17 minutes feel like 5 in his map of Tennyson's "Uh Oh! EP". The hard work he puts into expressing each song's personality shows- and obviously pays off. The map feels smooth to play all the way through and aligns very closely to Tennyson's unique, funky style of music. This is a phenomenal debut of both sammish and Tennyson in the ranked section and we hope to see more from both in the future!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[sammish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4415076) manages to make 17 minutes feel like 5 in his map of Tennyson's "Uh Oh! EP". The hard work he puts into expressing each song's personality shows—and obviously pays off. The map feels smooth to play all the way through and aligns very closely to Tennyson's unique, funky style of music. This is a phenomenal debut of both sammish and Tennyson in the ranked section and we hope to see more from both in the future!
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[sammish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4415076) manages to make 17 minutes feel like 5 in his map of Tennyson's "Uh Oh! EP". The hard work he puts into expressing each song's personality shows — and obviously pays off. The map feels smooth to play all the way through and aligns very closely to Tennyson's unique, funky style of music. This is a phenomenal debut of both sammish and Tennyson in the ranked section and we hope to see more from both in the future!
```

Reviewer 2: https://www.thepunctuationguide.com/em-dash.html  See the end of this article where it talks about the em dash used in newspapers etc.  Typically they have a space before and after to help with readability.  This also follows the very common "AP style" format

_written by [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/meng.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/927682)

> [AIR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2070688) displays their usual prowess in Yin Lin's "Lu Gu Xun Meng", a traditional-sounding Chinese ballad. They skillfully craft dynamic jump patterns with expert use of Slider Velocity changes, repeating slider shapes, and varied geometric arrangements. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[AIR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2070688) displays their usual prowess in Yin Lin's "Lu Gu Xun Meng", a traditional-sounding Chinese ballad. They skillfully craft dynamic jump patterns through expert use of slider velocity changes, repeating slider shapes, and varied geometric arrangements. 
```

> As always, the map has a lot of contrast, with every separate section of the map feeling uniquely matched closely to the features of the song. The hitsounding, also done by AIR, follows the same idea, adding to the experience. If the top difficulty's a bit too jumpy, be sure to check out the Insane and Hard, which maintain the same concepts as the top difficulty at a more manageable level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As always, the map has a lot of contrast, with every separate section of the map feeling uniquely matched closely to the features of the song. The hitsounding, also done by AIR, follows the same idea adding to the experience. If the top difficulty is a bit too jumpy, be sure to check out the Insane and Hard which maintain the same concepts as the top difficulty at a more manageable level.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As always, the map has a lot of contrast, with every separate section of the map feeling a unique and close match to the features of the song. The hitsounding, also done by AIR, follows the same idea, adding to the experience. If the top difficulty is a bit too jumpy, be sure to check out the Insane and Hard which maintain the same concepts as the top difficulty, but at a more manageable level.
```

_written by [Nao Tomori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5364763)

> [![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/kyoumen.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/731108)

Reviewer 3: image misses GDers names Stjpa, Smokeman

"mapped by Vell, Stjpa, Smokeman, Darky1"
or 
"by Vell, Stjpa, Smokeman, Darky1"

> _written by [Nao Tomori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5364763)

Reviewer: just a note to add a description here.

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/focus.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/925329)

> Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the breaks and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard the map follows the baroque-an motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fade away into nothingness. All the while showcasing pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the brakes and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard, the map follows the baroque-an motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fade away into nothingness. All the while, it showcases pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.
```

Reviewer 3: Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the breaks and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard the map follows the baroquean motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fade away into nothingness. All the while showcasing pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the breaks and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard the map follows the baroque-an motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fade away into nothingness. All the while showcasing pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the breaks and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard the map follows the baroquean motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fade away into nothingness. All the while showcasing pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the brakes and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard, the map follows the baroquian motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fade away into nothingness. All the while, it showcases pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the brakes and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard, the map follows the baroquian motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fades away into nothingness. All the while, it showcases pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.
```
fade -> fades

Do not deprive yourself of such an experience.

_written by [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/line.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/899381)

> A sharp contrast from recent trends of electronic and anime music, Yuuya_ke delivers a strikingly simplistic, yet effective mapset of Ricky Montgomery's "Line Without A Hook". The highly emotive indie track is accented beautifully through a level of flow and rhythm mastery unprecedented from most mappers' first ranked mapsets. Regardless, Line Without A Hook doesn't disappoint in highlighting how even rudimentary patterning can culminate into a moving, well-polished product that'll leave you begging for more.

Reviewer: first mention of Yuuya_ke needs a link

Reviewer: also only going to review the standard section cuz im lazE

_written by [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689)

## <a name="taiko" id="taiko"></a>osu!taiko

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/ylil.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/897948)

> Starting off the list of spotlighted maps for this season, we have a mapset extraordinaire coming from [SKSalt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3280542), a relatively old mapper some people have been considering to be ahead of their time back in the day, and even today this holds true, as this rendition of "Ylil's overed landscape" by xyst masterfully exemplifies!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting off the list of spotlighted maps for this season, we have a mapset extraordinaire coming from [SKSalt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3280542); a relatively old mapper that some considered to be ahead of their time back in the day. Even today this holds true, as this rendition of "Ylil's overed landscape" by xyst masterfully exemplifies!
```

_written by [Dergo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7439226)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/exavid.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/649306)

Oh, "ExaVid". What can I even say about ExaVid to bring it justice? Masterfully crafted and structured, this map contains beautiful usage of all sorts of known concepts such as chord allocation, grace notes, and pitch relevance; but on top of that, [Abraxos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5025064) weaves into the map a whole bunch of concepts that he defines himself.

Even without knowledge of this structure, it is apparent while playing this map that it clearly reflects the intensity and complexity of the music at every point. The more complex sounding a part of the music sounds, it's guaranteed to have some sort of gimmick, be it an unconventional use of minijacks or intentionally awkward releases; likewise for the most simple parts, represented as lightly as they should be. 

> Even looking at it now, after it has been ranked, I see things about the map that I never noticed before. This map is just decorated with an intricacy that any regular, average mapper usually cannot achieve. Thus, it well deserves its place in the Spring spotlights of 2019. Lastly, I would like to thank Abraxos for teaching me how to clean my room, be sure to purchase his book on his 12 rules for life

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even looking at it now, after it has been ranked, I see things about the map that I never noticed before. This map is just decorated with an intricacy that any regular, average mapper usually cannot achieve. Thus, it well deserves its place in the Spring spotlights of 2019. Lastly, I would like to thank Abraxos for teaching me how to clean my room, be sure to purchase his book on his 12 rules for life.
```

_written by [qqqant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/the-flood.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/454793)

"o'er the flood" is definitely one of the most popular and well-exposed 7k sets for this year with its appearance in the 2017 7k MWC while recently bypassing a staggering favourite count of 100.

[Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092), with the help of a couple of prolific mappers, were able to create this giant mapset of 8 diffs with a most interesting song choice for 7k. With each guest difficulty providing some artistic flair, all of these difficulties come together and encapsulate the general feel of the track. 

Both fluidity and rigidity are utilized to provide an apparent sense of difficulty progression in each difficulty which accounts for the song duration while highlighting the heavy percussions present in the track. Ranging from the unorthodox patterning for the lower diffs to the aggressive barrage of notes for the higher difficulties, the set slowly but surely progresses into an aptly named "torrent" difficulty which is a great test of skill.

> It takes the ETness of Blocko to combine both quality and popularity in a groundbreaking set as this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It takes the ETness of Blocko to combine both quality and popularity in such a groundbreaking set as this.
```

_written by [Lenfried-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/lfo.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/882805)

Another fantastic song by aran comes with a fantastic chart from [-MysticEyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6253266)! Each difficulty brings fun and challenging taste to the players. The top two difficulties of the set, Another and Impedance, once again put long notes to the test. 

The top difficulty brings a creative way of implementing long notes which is not usually seen in ranked! The map sure brings hype and definitely earns a place in spotlights!

_written by [Dergo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7439226)

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/overkill.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/945496)

[yetii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6914714) made a strong first impression within the ranked scene with his map "Overkill".
It was clear to see the amount of time and effort he had put into his map, most noticeably with the slider velocity changes.

Each change in speed correlated immensely well with the song making it both incredibly fun to play and easy to read.

> The patterns used throughout the map, more so during the more intense sections of the song flow incredibly well and are smooth to hit making every miss feel fair.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The patterns used throughout the map, more so during the more intense sections of the song, flow incredibly well and are smooth to hit making every miss feel fair.
```

---
layout: post
title: "Beatmap Spotlights: Spring 2019"
date: 2019-07-07 06:00:00 +0000
---

The sun is shining brightly and it's hot outside, so you shouldn't be outside during these dangerous times!  Instead we have prepared a nice package of awesome mapsets from last season for you to spend some time with. Come take a look and earn a fancy new medal for yourself by playing them all!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/header.jpg)

> The beatmap charts for the Spring Spotlights can be found [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/taiko/charts?spotlight=263). Their respective packs are available at the [Beatmap Pack Listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=chart) for easier access. **The Spring 2018 Spotlights rankings will end on the 15th of September, 2019.**

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The beatmap charts for the Spring Spotlights can be found [here](https://osu.ppy.sh/rankings/taiko/charts?spotlight=263). Their respective packs are available at the [Beatmap Pack Listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/packs?type=chart) for easier access. **The Spring 2019 Spotlights rankings will end on the 15th of September, 2019.**
```

shouldn't this be '2019' here, or am I mistaken?

## Winter Spotlights results

First of all, congratulations to the winners of the Seasonal Spotlights: Winter 2019. They will receive 3, 2, and 1 month of supporter for 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place respectively for their efforts!

- **osu!:** [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689), [Apraxia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4194445) and [xxluizxx47](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4687701)
- **osu!taiko:** [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352), [AlvaroYL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6333166) and [tasuke912](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2774767)
- **osu!catch:** [rostld](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4365562), [RAMPAGE88](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/448547) and [-Nirfu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7332050)
- **osu!mania:** [\[Crz\]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178), [Stink God](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7381289) and [Cryolien](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1626983)

# Navigation

- <a href="#osu">osu!</a>
- <a href="#taiko">osu!taiko</a>
- <a href="#catch">osu!catch</a>
- <a href="#mania">osu!mania</a>

# Spring 2019 Spotlights

## <a name="osu" id="osu"></a>osu!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/kagefumi.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/910454)

> A mapper who is reputable in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332), brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". This mapping contains unique stream patterns, minimalistic slider velocities, characterized slider shapes, and much more. Squirrelpascals underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil, math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A mapper who is reputable in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332), brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". 

This mapping contains unique stream patterns, minimalistic slider velocities, characterized slider shapes, and much more. squirrelpascals underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil, math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.
```

Those unprepared for the challenge may find a very engaging experience in the insane difficulty. For the more skilled players, the top difficulty is not something you would want to sleep on either. With more emphasis on greater slider movements, the difficulties compliment each other with their slight varied approaches to the song; while both capturing it's integrity faithfully. This is a truly refreshing mapset overall that stands out among the many maps in the ranked section!

> _written by [faygo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5199686)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [faygo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5199686)_
```
these are everywhere - you need to enclose all italics in ```_``` on both sides or it'll not render correctly on the website and probably break stuff. do this for every 'written by' line

Reviewer 4: i have taken the liberty of doing this for you via github changes so long as you batch-add the suggestions for them

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/uh.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/948199)

> [sammish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4415076) manages to make 17 minutes feel like 5 in his map of Tennyson's "Uh Oh! EP". The hard work he puts into expressing each song's personality shows — and obviously pays off. The map feels smooth to play all the way through and aligns very closely to Tennyson's unique, funky style of music. This is a phenomenal debut of both sammish and Tennyson in the ranked section and we hope to see more from both in the future!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[sammish](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4415076) manages to make 17 minutes feel like 5 in his map of Tennyson's "Uh Oh! EP". 

The hard work he puts into expressing each song's personality shows — and obviously pays off. The map feels smooth to play all the way through and aligns very closely to Tennyson's unique, funky style of music. 

This is a phenomenal debut from both sammish and Tennyson in the ranked section and we hope to see more from them in the future!
```

> _written by [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/meng.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/927682)

[AIR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2070688) displays their usual prowess in Yin Lin's "Lu Gu Xun Meng", a traditional-sounding Chinese ballad. They skillfully craft dynamic jump patterns through expert use of slider velocity changes, repeating slider shapes, and varied geometric arrangements. 

As always, the map has a lot of contrast, with every separate section of the map feeling a unique and close match to the features of the song. The hitsounding, also done by AIR, follows the same idea, adding to the experience. If the top difficulty is a bit too jumpy, be sure to check out the Insane and Hard which maintain the same concepts as the top difficulty, but at a more manageable level.

> _written by [Nao Tomori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5364763)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Nao Tomori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5364763)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/kyoumen.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/731108)

> Like last time, we present you another set of "Kyoumen no Nami" by YURiKA. This time it's [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541)'s turn to show what amazing things you can do with this breathtaking song. He captures the song's beauty perfectly with his movement choices and hitsounds that the map is definitly a hightlight to play. [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storybeard definitly adds to the atmosphere for a great gameplay experience.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Like last time, we present you another set of "Kyoumen no Nami" by YURiKA. This time, it is [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541)'s turn to show what amazing things can be done with this breathtaking song. 

He captures the song's beauty perfectly with his movement choices and hitsounds that the map is definitely a highlight to play. [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard definitely adds to the atmosphere for a great gameplay experience.
```

> Don't forget to check out on the lower difficulties by [Stjpa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2954693) and [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676) which both also archieve to follow the song in a very enjoyable way.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Don't forget to check out on the lower difficulties by [Stjpa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2954693) and [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676) which both also manage to follow the song in a very enjoyable way.
```
lotta spelling mistakes in this section so far

> _written by [Icekalt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5410645)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Icekalt](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5410645)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/focus.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/925329)

> Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper. This map gets the job done. [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the brakes and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard, the map follows the baroquian motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fades away into nothingness. All the while, it showcases pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Capturing the essence of a song can be considered a herculean feat for a mapper, and this map gets the job done. 

[Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541) once again takes off the brakes and delivers another masterpiece of contemporary mapping with sukekiyo's song "focus". 

In tune with the music along [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard, the map follows the baroquian motif of vanitas through which it blooms into a thundering roar of raw emotion to then just as quickly fades away into nothingness. All the while, it showcases pristine mapping along with the natural melodic texture.
```

Do not deprive yourself of such an experience.

> _written by [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/line.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/899381)

> A sharp contrast from recent trends of electronic and anime music, [Yuuya_ke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6441720) delivers a strikingly simplistic, yet effective mapset of Ricky Montgomery's "Line Without A Hook". The highly emotive indie track is accented beautifully through a level of flow and rhythm mastery unprecedented from most mappers' first ranked mapsets. Regardless, Line Without A Hook doesn't disappoint in highlighting how even rudimentary patterning can culminate into a moving, well-polished product that'll leave you begging for more.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A sharp contrast from recent trends of electronic and anime music, [Yuuya_ke](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6441720) delivers a strikingly simplistic, yet effective mapset of Ricky Montgomery's "Line Without A Hook". 

The highly emotive indie track is accented beautifully through a level of flow and rhythm mastery unprecedented from most mappers' first ranked mapsets. Regardless, Line Without A Hook doesn't disappoint in highlighting how even rudimentary patterning can culminate into a moving, well-polished product that'll leave you begging for more.
```

Reviewer 4: this one is also really good btw, good example to show others when writing stuff

> _written by [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689)_
```

Speaking of which, boy, ohh boy is it hard. Insanely hard. You might expect "pp map" when you look at it's BPM and Star Rating, but let me tell you: this is anything but ordinary. The way 1/6 patterns are arranged will keep your fingers dancing constantly during the intense parts, as do the streams, which also feature a mix of longer 1/6 bursts; up to 13 notes in a row, which is not easy to keep up with at 200 BPM, especially with their rather unusual colouring! Also, the Slider Velocity manipulation will demand your eyes to adjust quickly as it gets increasingly faster along with the song's intensity, befitting it perfectly!

If you're not ready for the challenge this difficulty provides, you should give [komasy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1980256)'s Inner Oni a shot! It's still quite challenging and an absolute joy to play through, just like the other difficulties are.

A blooming start to this season's spotlights, and an absolutely deserved winner to it!

> _written by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/goodworld.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/938075)

As one of the most liked mapsets for the season, "GOODWORLD" by [komasy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1980256) is a perfect example of a carefully crafted mapset from the beginning and establishing a consistent style across it.

> While one could easily just praise komasy's good taste when it comes to patterns and the way they are emphasized by the Slider Velocity Changes he uses; it would fall short if we did not also talk about how the entire mapset consists of difficulties that are crazy good as standalone diffs. This is proof of how komasy doesn't even need an absurd level of notes to express himself.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While one could easily just praise komasy's good taste when it comes to patterns and the way they are emphasized by the slider velocity changes he uses, it would fall short if we did not also talk about how the entire mapset consists of difficulties that are crazy good as standalone diffs. This is proof of how powerful his expression is, if nothing else.
```

Truly a masterpiece.

> _written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/rebellio.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/852429)

Coming as a close third place, "Rebellio" mapped by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851) is in this season's spotlights with its impressive management of intensity and flow between patterns.

Greenshell managed to create a mapset that perfectly captivated the frantic feeling of the song, with a very polished patterning that matches the intensity of the song in a very pleasant way. Every single part of the map is warning you of the forthcoming chaos across the entire set, resulting in a flawless map overall.

> _written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/sugary.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/578489)

If you are looking for stamina challenges for this season, Zekk's "Sugary Daydream", hosted by [TKS](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/940878) with the help of [Raiden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/Raiden) and [\[Chichinya\]](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140739), is likely a promising choice with the high BPM nature.

Being a very experienced mapper in the Taiko community since their appearance in 2013, TKS never ceases their mapping enthusiasm to amaze people with this thrilling creation. The top difficulty features 1/6 and 1/8 bursts that arrange incredibly well with the packed 1/4 patterning, while comfortable density transitions are shown correspondingly among sessions with a different pace. High consistency is also maintained throughout the set with a relatively reasonable spread spectrum, making it fun and satisfying to play.

The daydream is apparently sugary, but I recommend you to brace yourself for the real bitter nightmare it envelops.

> _written by [Nardoxyribonucleic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/876419)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Nardoxyribonucleic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/876419)_
```
also a pretty good one

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/city.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/588177)

Since the "City Never Sleeps", you know something's keeping it up on its toes, and this rendition of Dirty Android's track mapped by [Lyawi](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5851253) does just about that as well!

> The thing that's keeping you on your toes while playing is not an insanely difficult map in this case, however. What sets this set apart from others is that each difficulty provides a good challenge for all beginners trying to advance to the next level, as each of them is mapped in a fairly dense manner while maintaining good flow and going along with the song nicely. [Stefan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/626907)'s Guest Difficulty further assists the idea of that set as well.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The thing that's keeping you on your toes while playing is not an insanely difficult map in this case, however. What sets this set apart from others is that each difficulty provides a good challenge for all beginners trying to advance to the next level, as each of them is mapped in a fairly dense manner while maintaining good flow and going along with the song nicely. [Stefan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/626907)'s guest difficulty further assists the idea of that set as well.
```

Generally, the set as a whole is as clean as it can get and it's a great map to debut within the Ranked section and the Spotlights as a mapper!

> _written by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/flags.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/950459)

> One of [Axer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7299864)'s most eccentric maps, "Flags on the Moon" does a really good job at staying true to the song through all these rough time signatures, syncopations and multiple changes of rhythm that make it very difficult to follow through; which ends up being a challenge to time perfectly for these steady beat accuracy players. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
One of [Axer](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7299864)'s most eccentric maps, "Flags on the Moon" does a really good job at staying true to the song through all these rough time signatures, syncopations and multiple changes of rhythm that make it very difficult to follow through, which ends up being a challenge to time perfectly for these steady beat accuracy players. 
```

> For this reason, Axer has his place on this season spotlights very well deserved, for his advanced patterning skills and carefully polished gameplay-centred mapping style.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For this reason, Axer has a very well deserved his place on this season's spotlights for his advanced patterning skills and carefully polished gameplay-centred mapping style.
```

Reviewer 2: “Axer has a very well deserved his place”
I think instead should be
“Axer has a very well deserved place”
On mobile rn sorry for not writing this as a change suggestion

> _written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/rolling.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/609609)

> Most the people who like [Ulqui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1263669) as a mapper are well aware of one thing that makes him stand out and it is exactly the reason "ROLLING PANDEMONIUM" is such a great map: He focuses his mapping on what he feels will work for the song.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Most the people who like [Ulqui](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1263669) as a mapper are well aware of one thing that makes him stand out and it is exactly the reason "ROLLING PANDEMONIUM" is such a great map: he focuses his mapping on what he feels will work for the song.
```

> Often times this results in a unique interpretation that is very hard to replicate in most scenarios, however, this time [Myckoll](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/554976) managed to adapt perfectly to this. Both mappers did an amazing job at making a heavy stamina drainer that feels good to play and doesn't feel unfair at any point, which is a very difficult task to do in this case.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Often times this results in a unique interpretation that is very hard to replicate in most scenarios. However, this time [Myckoll](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/554976) has managed to adapt perfectly to this. Both mappers did an amazing job at making a heavy stamina drainer that feels good to play and doesn't feel unfair at any point, which is a very difficult task to do overall.
```

Congratulations to both for getting this map into the Spring 2019 spotlights!

> _written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/shoujo.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/894891)

> Within several creations in this month, this map doesn't have too much fancy element but still impressed me by consistent pattern assignment and temperate speed velocity usage. Furthermore, [mintong89](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/966210) tried to express this song differently, he used doublet patterns to make this map have more variability. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While not especially fancy in this month's release, [mintong89](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/966210)'s map remains impressive by its very consistent patterning and temperate use of speed velocity changes. 

This is accented further by clever use of doublet patterning to make the map more variable, and together these things combine to make a map well worthy of the Spring 2019 Spotlights.
```

> Thanks to the pleasant song and well arranged patterns, this creation deserves to be one of the 2019 Spring Spotlights.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> _written by [qoot8123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/766371)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [qoot8123](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/766371)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/nobodyknows.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/768440)

> There was just no way the winner of the 6th osu!taiko Japanese Beatmap Contest wouldn't appear in this season Spotlights, and we congratulate [namaniku](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2680544) and all the guest mappers of this mapset!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There was just no way the winner of the 6th osu!taiko Japanese Beatmap Contest wouldn't appear in this season's Spotlights, and we congratulate [namaniku](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2680544) and all the guest mappers of this mapset for their incredible work!
```

"Nobodyknows Eden" is such a great art piece when it comes to music and a very solid, fun map when it comes to its design choices, which features syncopated rhythms with odd-numbered patterns that make it feel special. Its tricky approach to the flow between patterns, together with carefully placed 1/6 patterns results in a clear winner for both its original competition and this search for the best maps of the season!

> _written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/red-letter.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/907150)

> As usual, every time a new metal song rises as one of the best maps you can be sure of two things: First, it is a blast to play and it feels like you're part of the band. Second, it is as brutal as it gets, with incredibly stamina-draining patterns that go on forever as these guitars do their job.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As usual, every time a new metal song rises as one of the best maps you can be sure of two things: first, that it is a blast to play and it feels like you're part of the band, and second, it is as brutal as it gets, with incredibly stamina-draining patterns that go on forever as these guitars do their job.
```

> "A Red Letter Day" by [LZD](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/224335) has its place in this season's spotlights very well deserved as it is truly one of those gems that you just HAVE to play if you enjoy Metal. They definitely nailed it on their mapping with an excellent sense of contrast ranging from the calmest, climatic patterns and the chaos in his really bursty streams.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
"A Red Letter Day" by [LZD](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/224335) has a well deserved place in the Spotlights as it is truly one of those gems that you just HAVE to play if you enjoy Metal. They definitely nailed it on their mapping with an excellent sense of contrast ranging from the calmest, climatic patterns and the chaos in his really bursty streams.
```

> _written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Kazu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/cauldron.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/942334)

> Can you guess what is inside this evil brew? Dictate's "Cauldron" is a piece of Neurofunk music listed in Featured Artists, which is quite a new genre that can bring freshness to the Taiko mode by having a ranked map of it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Can you guess what is inside this evil brew? Dictate's "Cauldron" is a neurofunk track from one of our very own Featured Artists, which is a relatively new and fresh genre featuring in the osu!taiko mapping community for the first time with this set.
```

Although the song is a bit repetitive, [Nepuri](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6637817) manages to keep the top difficulty interesting by extensively blending weird snaps and rapid slider velocity changes. The BPM is indeed comparatively low at 140, but do not underestimate the complexity as the set follows a harder mapping design throughout, while keeping a good balance of spread.

Be aware of this dangerous concoction. It will be an alternative experience for drummers, I would guarantee.

> _written by [Nardoxyribonucleic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/876419)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Nardoxyribonucleic](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/876419)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/taiko/can-fly.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/951899)

> While this song's title may suggest a lucid dream, "I Can Fly In The Universe" is actually a six-minutes long psytrance track by the widely beloved composer Camellia. This map by [Genjuro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) is a beautiful translation of it into pleasant hit-sounding, engaging Slider Velocity, and lots of technical patterns. Containing not only 1/6, but also 1/8 snaps mixed into the regular 1/4 patterns, with the aforementioned Slider Velocity blending into it perfectly, results in quite the challenge to everyone, while still providing a unique sensation to play.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While this song's title may suggest a lucid dream, "I Can Fly In The Universe" is actually a six-minutes long psytrance track by the widely beloved composer Camellia. 

This map by [Genjuro](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3196091) is a beautiful translation into a pleasantly hit-sounded and engaging map featuring many slider velocity changes and technical patterning. Containing not only 1/6, but also 1/8 snaps mixed into the regular 1/4 patterns, with the aforementioned slider velocity antics blending into it perfectly, resulting in quite the challenge to everyone, while still providing a unique sensation to play.
```

This concludes it for this season's Spotlights for osu!taiko, and it sure shows the mapper's blooming potential!

> _written by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Greenshell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8693851)_
```

## <a name="catch" id="catch"></a>osu!catch

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/catch/flash-back.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/706939)

It's not a surprise that [alienflybot](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/636114) mapped a new outstanding catch map again! This time his song choice is "FLASH BACK" by Reol. With dynamic electronic instruments and vocals, the map is pleasing to enjoy. 

The stream patterns in both diffs are carefully built up and have some innovative jumpy patterns. They are absorbing and excellent for play. Don't be tricked by the star ratings, these maps are challenging! However, you'll definitely like this epic work after you give it a try.

> _written by [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Yumeno Himiko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1806962)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/catch/xino.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/874437)

[Rocma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/566276) mapped the full spread of "XINOBIKILL" himself, showcasing his mapping expertise despite being a newcomer to the group of ranked catch mappers. 

> The map was aesthetically well made, incorporating many antiflow patterns that often does not play well in osu!catch smoothly during highlights. Specifically, the 1/6 curves used in the overdose difficulty displayed his understanding of flow. Overall, I would like to congratulate him on proving himself to be a skilled mapper so early in his mapping career

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The map was aesthetically well made, incorporating many antiflow patterns that often does not play well in osu!catch smoothly during highlights. Specifically, the 1/6 curves used in the overdose difficulty displayed his understanding of flow. Overall, I would like to congratulate him on proving himself to be a skilled mapper so early in his mapping career!
```

> _written by [Snowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4316266)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Snowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4316266)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/catch/butterfly.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/887380)

> "Butterfly" by Kors K is your pretty average rhythm game song: Complex and interesting rhythms which are easy for an experienced mapper to follow along. However, [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/531253) took a completely different approach and focused primarily on simple 1/2 and 1/1 rhythms such as the vocals or kicks, and using these limitations to create simple patterns that focus on the precision with dash timing and simple memorization.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
"Butterfly" by Kors K is your pretty average rhythm game song: complex and interesting rhythms which are easy for an experienced mapper to follow along. 

However, [Minato Yukina](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/531253) took a completely different approach and focused primarily on simple 1/2 and 1/1 rhythms such as the vocals or kicks, and using these limitations to create simple patterns that focus on the precision with dash timing and simple memorization.
```

The end result is an extremely unique experience that few other maps do similarly. Don't miss out on this mapset.

> _written by [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Sinnoh](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236057)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/catch/fffff.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/841569)

"fffff" by [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) was a pleasure to play for many players, new or experienced. He proved to be a proficient mapper in his top difficulty EX, where he incorporated fast edge-dashes which are often avoided by other mappers. Through this, he successfully created a map that challenges players in a way most other maps have not in the past. 

This is not to discount from the lower difficulties, which mapped accordingly to the upbeat feeling of the song and kept the tempo going without going overboard on fast beats.

> _written by [Snowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4316266)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Snowless](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4316266)_
```

## <a name="mania" id="mania"></a>osu!mania

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/suiren.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/545484)

> Though it took nearly two and a half years for it to reach the ranked section, [Tidek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/743282) and [_underjoy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2235750)'s "Suiren" more than deserves its spot in spotlights.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Though it took nearly two and a half years for it to reach the ranked section, [Tidek](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/743282) and [\_underjoy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2235750)'s "Suiren" more than deserves its spot in spotlights.
```

Tidek's 4k Blossoming Lily is a sheer masterpiece in terms of musical relevancy and intensity. The full range of emotions in the song is represented by repetitive patterning, polyrhythms, trills, and jumpstreams that heavily rely on the flow and pitch of the piano itself in the music. This culminates into two vibrantly intense climaxes represented by challenging glut patterning.

> _underjoy's 7k Fairy Dance utilizes the higher keymode's ability to represent pitch to the max, combining incredibly challenging chord streams and jacky sections with beautifully arranged pitched-based patterning for the calmer sections of the piece. The difficulty itself is visually magnificent as well and really shows _underjoy's prowess with 7k patterning when given a song so complex.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
\_underjoy's 7k Fairy Dance utilizes the higher keymode's ability to represent pitch to the max, combining incredibly challenging chord streams and jacky sections with beautifully arranged pitched-based patterning for the calmer sections of the piece. The difficulty itself is visually magnificent as well and really shows \_underjoy's prowess with 7k patterning when given a song so complex.
```

> _written by [-MysticEyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6253266)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [-MysticEyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6253266)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/manycolors.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/829383)

> [Vortex-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4999669) joins the ranked section with a spectacular chart along with guest difficulties from [Civilization](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6814203) and [qqqant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576)! Each difficulty, whether it's the easiest or hardest, captures the uniqueness of "Frums" respectively to their difficulties. The technicality of this set is not something usually seen in ranked and the mapset is challenging to many players while also having a very strong structure.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Vortex-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4999669) joins the ranked section with a spectacular chart along with guest difficulties from [Civilization](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6814203) and [qqqant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576)! Each difficulty, whether it's the easiest or hardest, captures the uniqueness of "Frums" respectively to their difficulties. 

The technicality of this set is not something usually seen in ranked and the mapset is challenging to many players while also having a very strong structure.
```

> _written by [Dergo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7439226)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Dergo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7439226)_
```

Oh, "ExaVid". What can I even say about ExaVid to bring it justice? Masterfully crafted and structured, this map contains beautiful usage of all sorts of known concepts such as chord allocation, grace notes, and pitch relevance; but on top of that, [Abraxos](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5025064) weaves into the map a whole bunch of concepts that he defines himself.

Even without knowledge of this structure, it is apparent while playing this map that it clearly reflects the intensity and complexity of the music at every point. The more complex sounding a part of the music sounds, it's guaranteed to have some sort of gimmick, be it an unconventional use of minijacks or intentionally awkward releases; likewise for the most simple parts, represented as lightly as they should be. 

Even looking at it now, after it has been ranked, I see things about the map that I never noticed before. This map is just decorated with an intricacy that any regular, average mapper usually cannot achieve. Thus, it well deserves its place in the Spring spotlights of 2019. Lastly, I would like to thank Abraxos for teaching me how to clean my room, be sure to purchase his book on his 12 rules for life.

> _written by [qqqant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [qqqant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8976576)_
```
this one is also really good so i'll let the meme pass

"o'er the flood" is definitely one of the most popular and well-exposed 7k sets for this year with its appearance in the 2017 7k MWC while recently bypassing a staggering favourite count of 100.

[Blocko](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4075092), with the help of a couple of prolific mappers, were able to create this giant mapset of 8 diffs with a most interesting song choice for 7k. With each guest difficulty providing some artistic flair, all of these difficulties come together and encapsulate the general feel of the track. 

Both fluidity and rigidity are utilized to provide an apparent sense of difficulty progression in each difficulty which accounts for the song duration while highlighting the heavy percussions present in the track. Ranging from the unorthodox patterning for the lower diffs to the aggressive barrage of notes for the higher difficulties, the set slowly but surely progresses into an aptly named "torrent" difficulty which is a great test of skill.

It takes the ETness of Blocko to combine both quality and popularity in such a groundbreaking set as this.

> _written by [Lenfried-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Lenfried-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)_
```
this one's also really good wtf mania crew out in force

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/protoflicker.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/808867)

It's about time Spotlights gets an anti-meta set and with that, we have [Asherz007](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9014047)'s "Protoflicker".

Generally played for its top diff, Protoflicker manages to bring forth a solid concept of enforcing chord usages in a very fun fashion where the pace of the song is conveniently placed in just the right speed for introductory chord mashing.

> The difficulty progression between difficulties, in general, share a common feel of rigidity which gets more and more apparent as the players scale up both between difficulties and throughout playing the song.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The progression between difficulties, in general, share a common feel of rigidity which gets more and more apparent as the players scale up both between difficulties and throughout playing the song.
```

A definite must-try for anyone wanting to get into 6k.

> _written by [Lenfried-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Lenfried-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5314573)_
```
the chain continues

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/lfo.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/882805)

Another fantastic song by aran comes with a fantastic chart from [-MysticEyes](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6253266)! Each difficulty brings fun and challenging taste to the players. The top two difficulties of the set, Another and Impedance, once again put long notes to the test. 

> The top difficulty brings a creative way of implementing long notes which is not usually seen in ranked! The map sure brings hype and definitely earns a place in spotlights!

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The top difficulty brings a creative way of implementing long notes which is not usually seen in ranked! The map sure brings hype and definitely earns a place in the spotlights!
```

> _written by [Dergo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7439226)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [Dergo](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7439226)_
```

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/mania/overkill.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/945496)

[yetii](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6914714) made a strong first impression within the ranked scene with his map "Overkill".
It was clear to see the amount of time and effort he had put into his map, most noticeably with the slider velocity changes.

Each change in speed correlated immensely well with the song making it both incredibly fun to play and easy to read.
The patterns used throughout the map, more so during the more intense sections of the song, flow incredibly well and are smooth to hit making every miss feel fair.

This being yetii's debut to the ranked scene, there will be more to come from this guy, and I can't wait to see what's in store!

> _written by [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
_written by [CrumpetFiddler](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3518705)_
```
nice and solid

- **osu!:** [Toy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2757689), [Apraxia](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4194445) and [xxluizxx47](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4687701)
- **osu!taiko:** [Jaye](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4841352), [AlvaroYL](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6333166) and [tasuke912](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2774767)
- **osu!catch:** [rostld](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4365562), [RAMPAGE88](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/448547) and [-Nirfu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7332050)
- **osu!mania:** [\[Crz\]Satori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7082178), [Stink God](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7381289) and [Cryolien](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1626983)

# Navigation

- <a href="#osu">osu!</a>
- <a href="#taiko">osu!taiko</a>
- <a href="#catch">osu!catch</a>
- <a href="#mania">osu!mania</a>

# Spring 2019 Spotlights

## <a name="osu" id="osu"></a>osu!

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/kagefumi.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/910454)

A mapper who is reputable in the community for their unorthodox music taste and style, [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332), brings forth a very fitting interpretation of Hyakkei's "kagefumi". 

> This mapping contains unique stream patterns, minimalistic slider velocities, characterized slider shapes, and much more. squirrelpascals underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil, math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.

Reviewer 3: From unique stream patterns, minimalistic slider velocities, characterized slider shapes, and much more, squirrelpascal underlines the core portions of this chill, tranquil, math rock song with clarity and accentuates their features fantastically through distinctive design choices that align with the song's simplicity.

> Those unprepared for the challenge may find a very engaging experience in the insane difficulty. For the more skilled players, the top difficulty is not something you would want to sleep on either. With more emphasis on greater slider movements, the difficulties compliment each other with their slight varied approaches to the song; while both capturing it's integrity faithfully. This is a truly refreshing mapset overall that stands out among the many maps in the ranked section!

Reviewer 3: For the more skilled players, the top difficulty is not something you would want to sleep on, which is not to take away from the Insane difficulty which is sure to give an enriching experience to even less skilled players. With more emphasis on greater slider movements, the difficulties compliment each other with their slight varied approaches to the song; while both capturing it's integrity faithfully. This is a truly refreshing mapset overall that stands out among the many maps in the ranked section!

This is a phenomenal debut from both sammish and Tennyson in the ranked section and we hope to see more from them in the future!

_written by [squirrelpascals](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6151332)_

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/meng.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/927682)

[AIR](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2070688) displays their usual prowess in Yin Lin's "Lu Gu Xun Meng", a traditional-sounding Chinese ballad. They skillfully craft dynamic jump patterns through expert use of slider velocity changes, repeating slider shapes, and varied geometric arrangements. 

As always, the map has a lot of contrast, with every separate section of the map feeling a unique and close match to the features of the song. The hitsounding, also done by AIR, follows the same idea, adding to the experience. If the top difficulty is a bit too jumpy, be sure to check out the Insane and Hard which maintain the same concepts as the top difficulty, but at a more manageable level.

_written by [Nao Tomori](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5364763)_

[![](/wiki/shared/news/2019-07-07-beatmap-spotlights-spring-2019/osu/kyoumen.jpg)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/731108)

> Like last time, we present you another set of "Kyoumen no Nami" by YURiKA. This time, it is [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541)'s turn to show what amazing things can be done with this breathtaking song. 

Reviewer 3: Last time we showed you the orchestral arrangement of the song "Kyoumen no Nami" by YURiKA, but this time we have the stunning original full version. his time it's [Vell](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3414541)'s turn to show what amazing things you can do with this breathtaking song.

> He captures the song's beauty perfectly with his movement choices and hitsounds that the map is definitely a highlight to play. [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard definitely adds to the atmosphere for a great gameplay experience.

Reviewer 3: Not fazed by it's characteristic polyrhythms he captures the song's beauty perfectly with his movement choices and hitsounds which definitely elevate the map making it something worth checking out. [Darky1](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3372928)'s storyboard once again adds to the atmosphere for a great gameplay experience as one might be familiar with other Vell maps.

> Don't forget to check out on the lower difficulties by [Stjpa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2954693) and [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676) which both also manage to follow the song in a very enjoyable way.

Reviewer 3: Don't forget to check out on the lower difficulties by [Stjpa](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2954693) and [Smokeman](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2140676) as well which both also achieve to follow the song in a very enjoyable way.
